set logic_generator_by "zzz"
sensor temp0 switch1 @enabled
op notEqual temp0 temp0 1
jump 5 notEqual switch2 null
end
control enabled switch2 temp0
jump 8 notEqual switch3 null
end
control enabled switch3 temp0
jump 11 notEqual switch4 null
end
control enabled switch4 temp0
jump 14 notEqual switch5 null
end
control enabled switch5 temp0
jump 17 notEqual switch6 null
end
control enabled switch6 temp0
jump 20 notEqual switch7 null
end
control enabled switch7 temp0
jump 23 notEqual switch8 null
end
control enabled switch8 temp0
jump 26 notEqual switch9 null
end
control enabled switch9 temp0
jump 29 notEqual switch10 null
end
control enabled switch10 temp0
jump 32 notEqual switch11 null
end
control enabled switch11 temp0
end