set logic_generator_by "zzz"
sensor temp0 switch1 @enabled
sensor temp1 switch2 @enabled
op land temp0 temp0 temp1
jump 6 notEqual switch3 null
end
control enabled switch3 temp0
jump 9 notEqual switch4 null
end
control enabled switch4 temp0
jump 12 notEqual switch5 null
end
control enabled switch5 temp0
jump 15 notEqual switch6 null
end
control enabled switch6 temp0
jump 18 notEqual switch7 null
end
control enabled switch7 temp0
jump 21 notEqual switch8 null
end
control enabled switch8 temp0
jump 24 notEqual switch9 null
end
control enabled switch9 temp0
jump 27 notEqual switch10 null
end
control enabled switch10 temp0
jump 30 notEqual switch11 null
end
control enabled switch11 temp0
jump 33 notEqual switch12 null
end
control enabled switch12 temp0
end