set logic_generator_by "zzz"
sensor temp0 switch1 @enabled
jump 5 equal temp0 false
control enabled switch1 false
write 44 cell1 0
sensor temp1 switch2 @enabled
jump 9 equal temp1 false
control enabled switch2 false
write 43 cell1 0
sensor temp2 switch3 @enabled
jump 13 equal temp2 false
control enabled switch3 false
write 45 cell1 0
sensor temp3 switch4 @enabled
jump 17 equal temp3 false
control enabled switch4 false
write 94 cell1 0
sensor temp4 switch5 @enabled
jump 21 equal temp4 false
control enabled switch5 false
write 88 cell1 0
sensor temp5 switch6 @enabled
jump 25 equal temp5 false
control enabled switch6 false
write 47 cell1 0
sensor temp6 switch7 @enabled
jump 29 equal temp6 false
control enabled switch7 false
write 37 cell1 0
sensor temp7 switch8 @enabled
jump 33 equal temp7 false
control enabled switch8 false
write 40 cell1 0
sensor temp8 switch9 @enabled
jump 37 equal temp8 false
control enabled switch9 false
write 41 cell1 0
sensor temp9 switch10 @enabled
jump 41 equal temp9 false
control enabled switch10 false
write 8 cell1 0
sensor temp10 switch11 @enabled
jump 45 equal temp10 false
control enabled switch11 false
write 1 cell1 0
end